[Autogenerated] Okay, let's dive into Ken.
Is is data firehose.
So I'm going to get started in this time,
we're gonna use a kinesis firehose delivery stream,
so I'm gonna click on create delivery stream.
This brings us to a similar wizard.
When we created our data stream, so I had to give it a name.
We'll call it Pluralsight firehose.
And from here, we choose a source.
So what error we ingesting records from into our delivery stream.
Now you can do direct puts or other sources,
So if you have your own custom message producers,
you can use those or you can send them from services like I O.
T.
And then CloudWatch.
Now,
another fancy thing is you can go ahead and put in
Ken is is data stream records.
And what this does is it allows us to ingest massive
amounts of data from several different nested streams and
then output it to a destination.
So it allows for a lot of flexibility.
I'll put direct put for this, and then we have this similar option.
We can enable server site encryption for source
records and we can specify the type.
So what kind of key?
So with that I'm going to click on next,
and this brings us to our transformation.
So if we wanted to, if you remember,
we can transform our records with AWS Lambda.
So what happens is the record comes in.
It invokes a lambda, which transforms that source record,
and then it puts it back into the delivery stream for
whatever output processing we want.
So if I wanted to, I would click enabled,
and I would choose my lamb to function here that
performs this data transformation.
This is really meet that it ties in essentially,
seamlessly and handles transformation without having
to put the record back in manually.
It's a really cool integration.
I'm gonna choose disabled because I'm not transforming anything,
and then we can convert our record format.
So what this allows us to do is convert our JSON formatted source records
using some type of schema that we can define and you can see.
They even recommend that the Apache formats listed here
are usually more efficient to query.
And that's because with data firehose, we're not ingesting.
A few 100 records usually were usually ingesting a massive
amount up to thousands and thousands.
So that's why you might have a conversion done because you are working with
a much larger dataset than you would with a data stream.
I'll choose disabled.
I'll go to next, and now we look at our destination.
So where do we want to output this data and you can see we have four options.
There's S3.
There's red shift, elastic search and then Splunk-ES.
Now we're gonna look at red shift and elastic search a
little bit later in this course,
and then Splunk-ES is is a very well known tool for operational intelligence,
and it allows for extremely good monitoring and logging.
Now I'll choose S3 for this example,
and down at the bottom is where I can figure my bucket.
So let me choose my bucket.
I'll choose my Pluralsight bucket that I used
previously and you can see by default.
Ken is is appends a prefix, which is this format listed here.
If I wanted to I can override that in supply a custom one.
Now this prefix that they automatically apply by default
allows for better data partitioning,
which allows for much more optimize reading and getting of objects.
This is a best practice, and you should really follow it whenever you can,
so I'll go ahead and leave the default and then for errors if we wanted to.
We can specify a different prefix for those records.
So if we have an error,
maybe I wanna put error here and then that's the prefix for any error records.
But the default successful ones will follow this default here,
so I'll go to next, and this brings us to our buffer size.
So how many records do we want?
A buffer before delivering him to our bucket.
So we can buffer between one and 128 megabytes.
Let me just make this one, and then you can see there's also an interval.
Now you can see this is 300 seconds and we can enter a
minute all the way up to 15 minutes.
But what these error doing is essentially giving us to thresholds
for us to conditionally forward records with.
If one of these gets breached, then it's going to go ahead,
cut off right there,
send those records to our output and then continue ingesting later on.
This is a either or clause, so if our buffer size gets broke,
it doesn't matter how long it's been.
It'll ignore the interval period and then vice versa.
If we only have a half a Meg in here, but it's been five minutes,
then it's going to go ahead and send that data out.
Now let's move on to S3 compression and encryption.
So if we wanted to we can gzip snappy or zip these files now,
I'll do disabled for now because I'm gonna kill this right away.
But it's usually a really good practice to gzip it.
So then your data is compressed and it's easier to
parse and pulled down for analytics.
And you can also see we can encrypt our bucket so I can
use my master key to encrypt our files.
I'll choose disabled, but that options there for compliance purposes.
Now we can also do error logging to CloudWatch,
which I'll go ahead and leave enabled we can give our tags,
and then we have to specify and I am role,
and what this does is allows us to create a delivery role for
fire hose that has the basic permissions.
So this is more than enough because it's gonna go ahead and allow us
to put data into our bucket that we talked about and then it could
invoke a function if we wanted it to.
We don't have that configured, but that's all right.
We're putting log events.
We have some Ken is is actions and then some kms.
So I'm gonna go ahead and click on allow it creates the role,
brings us back, and there you go.
So I'll click on next we can review everything, I'll create it.
And then while this is creating,
I'll pause the clip and once it's done in available will pick back up.
Okay, That only took about a minute for it to become active.
And you can see our settings here were direct put
in other sources for our source.
We're not doing transformations, and we're out putting to S3.
So let me go and open this up just so we can have it ready.
And then I'm gonna go down to Pluralsight firehose.
Now, this has all of our details, which we looked at,
so I'm not gonna go through this page.
But you can see here they allow us to test with demo data,
and this is a ws provided.
So if I click start sending demo data, you can see the format here at the top.
This is what we should see and it starts sending data to our destination.
So when I'm done, I'll click on stop.
But for now, let me go to S3 are fresh.
And then what I'll do is I'm gonna give this a little bit of time.
I'll see how long it takes and I'll report back.
And then we'll pick back up after I pause here so we
can start looking at these records.
All right, So you can see now that it started populating data.
We have the year.
We have the month, the day and then the hour in UTC time.
And then we have our record here, so I'll see if I can open this.
I'll go ahead and open it with the default text editor and then let
me go over to it and you can see all of the data.
So these error all of those records that were ingested
and put into our delivery stream.
You can see there's a massive amount.
We're not gonna count him, but you can see we have our ticker symbol,
the sector,
and then all of the other data that's in there and there is hundreds and
hundreds of records that are populated from that demo data.
So I may go and go back.
I'll go back to Fire Hose, I'll stop sending.
And now if I look at monitoring we can, See,
we have a lot of incoming bites and records,
and eventually we would see our delivery to S3 records populate here.
Now,
another cool feature from the console is you can see
what law group you're out putting too.
So in CloudWatch, if I go to that log group eventually,
this is going to start being populated with log files if we enable it.
So it's a pretty cool feature.
Now,
one last thing I want to talk about before we wrap up is
this source record as three backup.
So what that does is if you remember,
in our diagram we had it allows us to back up our
source records before we convert them.
So if we had a failed transformation from our conversion up here,
what we can do is we can go ahead and specify a source record back
up in a different bucket or a different prefix.
So then we have the original record for diagnosis and we can.
See what went wrong.
Now that's gonna do it for this data.
Firehose demo.
I hope you've learned quite a bit.
In the next clips, we're going to start looking at video streams and Data Analytics.